 By my authority as a guardian of Hell's Gates, I open a door between our worlds. Now come forward and appear before me. I command your summoning. It worked. I can't believe it worked. So the words of that damned Wyrnt Lies. Oh no, let me have a look at you. Look at you all disoriented, not knowing where you are. That's cute. Now let me do the introductions. My name is Cinder. You might know my name from Legends. I'm a Hellhound. Yeah, it means exactly what you think it means, human. Welcome to Hell. The place where all sinners end up to get eternally tortured for all the acts you've committed on Earth. And for your first time in Hell, you have the chance to meet the chief of the Guardians of Hell's Gates. We're making sure that no foolish living human comes to Hell and do whatever they want. The big boss really hates when unwanted guests decide to come into his home. No, no, you're not dead. You're as alive as I am. Well, not really, but with time you'll understand. Well, like I said, nothing alive should come to Hell. But let's just say that using my authority as the chief guardian of Hell's Gates, I might have broken one or two taboos to bring you here. I might have created a crack in your world and did a reverse summoning. Instead of a human summoning a demon, it was the opposite. Isn't that funny? Why did I summon you to Hell? You'll learn soon. Now follow me and don't stray away. You might end up in a terrifying situation. And if a demon takes notice of you, they might want to take you. We don't have living humans wandering around every day. Also, those are chains of Hell, once from a Hellhound. Those are a little special. You can move normally, but the moment you try to escape, they'll tie you up and bring you back to me. Not that you could get far away. Have you seen my body? Must be really different from the human world. So brown fur, eyes glowing like the flames of Hell. On top of that, my body is much stronger than it looks. I'm an apex predator. That's why only a Hellhound can be the chief that maintains the safety of Hell's Gates. But I must say, you're pretty calm for a human. I thought you'd be a mess, crying all over the place, shaking in fear. I'm a little disappointed. Instead, you look interested in Hell. You look like a child discovering something for the first time. You want to know what this is? This is a forest. It might be a little different from the ones in your world. The trees are made of flesh, and you can see sinners hanging from them. And of course they're here for eternity. It's very rare that a sinner's punishment changes in Hell. But anyways, welcome to my house. Of course I have a home. What did you think? That us demons just slept in caves? We all have houses. The big boss makes sure that everyone has a house and food. Isn't it like that on Earth? No. Well, that sucks. Maybe you should all work for the ruler of Hell. Now enter. So, do you like my decor? But wait, there's more. Now let me activate this. You can call it my security system. Now nobody can leave or enter the house, and nobody outside can hear what's inside. Now, follow me to my room. Why are you so surprised? It's more girly than you thought it would be. There are a lot of plushies too. So what? Does that bother you? No. Good. You can sit on my bed. Good. Now I'll lay there. It's so soft. And now it's time for you, human, to do what I brought you here for. Pet me. Didn't you hear what I said? Pet me. Come on. Here, let me take your hand. Now, cross my head. Give me head pads. Yeah, just like that. Mmm. I feel so good. Don't forget to scratch my ears. Yes, yes, perfect. Come on, scratch faster. Mmm. You're so good at it. I knew it was a great idea to bring you here. Come on, use both your hands and scratch both my ears. Mmm. So perfect. What is it? The reason I summoned you was to be pet. I heard that you humans are really good at it. And I must say it's true. Come on, play with my hair too. Mmm. Yes, keep going. No, I'm not joking. I just want you to pet me. Nothing else. You humans never summon any hellhounds. It's always a succubus. You humans are always scared of a big bad wolf for coming from hell. Not that scary. Hmm. I don't always like being the frightful hellhound. Sometimes I just want someone to take care of me. Giving me pads and telling me I did a good job. And I don't like when people think I just like things like blood or violence. Look in my room. I prefer soft and cute things like plushies and blankets. So I'm not sending you back to your world until I've received lots of headpats. That's cute. You think I'm cute? Really? Say it again. No one's called me cute before. Hey, why'd you stop scratching my ears? Hmm, yes, headpats and ear scratches. I am sorry for being so mean when we met. I had to be mean and scary so you'd follow me and encase any other demon sauce. But I'm not really like that. Hey, you look a little tired. Come on, lay on me. It's okay, come on. Hmm, well, you're so warm. It's a different kind of warm. Not like the flames of hell, but a soft and kind warmth. Hmm, I like it. Sorry again for summoning you to hell. But now I want to keep you here. You're so soft and kind and you didn't even get scared of me. And also you get the best headpats. How about I play with your hair softly and slowly? Hmm, your hair is so soft. Do you like it? Aww, look at that cute face you're making. You really do like it. Hmm, you're the perfect thing to cuddle. I like having you in my arms. It feels so nice. So, um, human, even though I brought you here, you'll be sent back to your world soon. It's how the ritual works. But I don't want you to go. You're so kind to me. It'd be bad for a living human to stay here in hell. But what if I come to your world and live with you? Do you think you would like it? Of course it's possible. If we make a pact, I can come to your world and live with you. You just need to know that if you make one with me, you can say goodbye to heaven. So, do you want to make that pact? Well, I am a hellhound, so to make this pact, I need to give you the kiss of a hellhound. I'll need to bite you and leave a mark that'll never disappear. It'll hurt, though. Is it really okay for you? You're ready to do it. Okay. I'm gonna bite the area between your neck and shoulder. Okay. Ready? Three, two, one. I can't do it. I don't want to hurt you. Okay. I'm ready. Three, two, one. Are you okay? Does it hurt? Now that the pact is done, we can be together now. What do you mean it's not complete? I need to receive the kiss of a human for the pact to be completed. What is the kiss of a human? That was the first time someone kissed me. I liked it. You seem a little tired. Take a nap. I'll play with your hair until you fall asleep, and when you wake up, we'll be together inside your home. Stop thinking about it and just drift asleep. When you wake up, you'll have a lot of pads and kisses to give.